Life is kind of lonely right now, all of my friends got married and seems so happy.
What if I never find someone, Taylor invites me for a gathering?
That's nice.
Actually, I don't feel comfortable at gatherings.
All those people, maybe another time.
I just love my job.
Mark has given me lots of attention lately.
He really appreciates me.
And actually, he's kind of cute.
But he's not a brother.
I really want to be obedient to Jehovah.
But it's hard.
Mary only in the Lord.
That sounds nice.
I just don't know any brother I really connect with.
Taylor met her husband on the internet.
They seem to be very happy.
So what's the harm in finding a brother that way?
Would it really be bad to have a quick look at one of those JW dating sites?
It's Julia.
How thoughtful of her to invite me for family worship.
Should I join them?
Oh well, why not?
Julia used to be in the same position as I'm in.
She understands me.
I love the story of Jeff Thin's daughter.
Because her father made a promise to Jehovah.
She served at Jehovah's Tabernacle for the rest of her life.
She was single too.
And sad for a little while.
But she learned to be content and found joy in her service to Jehovah.
Every year her friends visited her.
And were a real encouragement.
And so am I.
That family study really had an impact on me.
If Jeff Thin's daughter could do that, so can I.
Jehovah promises that.
Jehovah will not hold back anything good from those walking in integrity.
I cannot believe it even crossed my mind to date a non-witness.
Or even look at those JW dating sites and put my integrity at stake.
Imagine what I could have gotten myself into.
I'm so happy Julia invited me.
Jehovah will definitely be there for me to turn my singleness into a success.
It's been a while now since I've started pioneering.
That decision strengthened my relationship with Jehovah.
I feel much closer to the congregation.
I finally understand what Jesus meant at Matthew 19, verse 12.
He said, let the one who can make room for it, make room for it.
My singleness indeed allows me to serve Jehovah without distraction.
I just love my life.
An invitation to the school for Kingdom Evangelises.
Yes, Jehovah really did not hold back anything good from me.